### Overview

Although the Affinity Engine has been under development for nearly two years, it's still beta software. It likely has bugs (many of them) and it will go through significant API changes as it matures towards `1.0.0`. Along the way, I want it to become software that's truly enjoyable and intuitive to work with, without hiding it behind a GUI. To get there, I'm offering two $1000 grants to indie game developers that are willing to work with such a young project and offer feedback. You'll maintain full rights to your game, regardless of if you choose to distribute it freely, sell it, or simply share it with your friends and family. I'll also be available to offer any technical assistance you might need. In return, I'd like to conduct a series of three hour-long interviews asking you about your experience with the engine.

To be transparent about what I'm looking for: ideally, you'll have experience working with another (or multiple) game engines. Preference will also be given to projects that test the breadth of the engine's current module ecosystem. These types of projects might be visual novels or CYOA games with graphics, or they might be something more experimental, so long as they're using a combination of text, graphics, sound, and data.

If this sounds like something you'd like to be a part of, fill out the form below and let me know about your project. If you have multiple ideas for projects, feel free to submit multiple proposals!

### Deadline

July 31, 2017

### Recipients Announced

August 15, 2017

### Form
