##### Overview

Like a scene in a play, an Affinity Engine `scene` takes a script as its input and outputs a moment of drama. These scenes might be purely textual, or they might have characters, backdrops, and sound effects. They might be linear, or they might branch based on user input or pure chance. Like a script, they aim to be human-readable and easy to write, and they're composed principally of `directions`, such as `text`, `sound`, or `character`.

##### Generating

```bash
ember g affinity-engine-stage-scene my-scene-name
```

##### Usage

You'll find your scenes located in your `app/affinity-engine/stage/scenes` folder. A new scene might look like this:

```js
import { Scene } from 'affinity-engine-stage';
import { task } from 'ember-concurrency';

export default Scene.extend({
  start: task(function * (script, data, window) {
  })
});
```

###### `start(script, data, window)`

<div class="row">

<div class="with-aside small-order-2 medium-order-1">

Most of the action will happen inside that `start` function. For instance, here's a short scene:

```js
start: task(function * (script) {
  const ember = script.character('ember').position('right').fadeIn(); // does not pause script
  const diy = yield script.character('diy').position('left').fadeIn(); // pauses script until diy fades in

  yield diy._.text('Mic test, mic test.'); // pauses script until text is closed
  ember._.text('Sounds good.'); // does not pause script

  diy.position('farLeft', 1000);
})
```

This simple scene will first render the characters Ember and Diy, and then the two characters will speak. You'll notice that the scene pauses whenever the `yield` keyword is used, then resumes once the direction on that line resolves.

The `start` function receives three params:

* `script`: This param is always passed in as the first argument to a scene, and you can use it to call upon any of the directions registered to your engine. You can also call upon directions by linking them off of other directions with the `_`. You'll find more detail about that in the [directions](/components/stage/directions#links) section.

* `data`: An [Ember Object](http://emberjs.com/api/classes/Ember.Object.html) containing long-term data for your engine. You can learn more about it [here](/components/stage/scenes/data).

* `window`: This param is passed in if the scene is happening in a window, rather than the main stage. (You can learn more about windows [here](/components/stage/directions/scene#window).) The `window` param gives you control over the window, such as closing or repositioning it.

</div>

<aside class="aside ember small-order-1 medium-order-2">

# `ember-concurrency`

Even if you're a veteran Ember dev, you might want to read up on [`ember-concurrency`](http://ember-concurrency.com/). It uses ES6 generator functions to manage concurrency, which in turn allows us to use the `yield` keyword to pause the script until a given direction resolves.

</aside>

</div>

###### `name`

You can specify a name for you scene like so:

```js
. . . .

export default Scene.extend({
  name: 'A Bloody Valentine',

  start: task(function * (script) {
    . . . .
  })
});
```

If you do not specify a name, then the scene will instead name itself based on its file name. For instance, `app/affinity-engine/stage/scenes/lovely-gardens` would become 'Lovely Gardens'.

This name is available to other components, which will typically use it to help orient the player. For instance, the `affinity-engine-menu-bar-load-button` displays the scene name to help players choose which save state they want to load.
