#### Block Components

The `affintiy-engine` is a block component, which means that you can compose other components and pure html into it. For instance, you could do something like this:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine}}
  <p>Hello world!</p>
{{/affinity-engine}}
```

In this case, the paragraph 'Hello world!' will appear inside of the engine. This is particularly useful when you start composing together Affinity Engine modules. For instance, this will render an `affinity-engine-stage` within the engine:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine as |engine|}}
  {{affinity-engine-stage engineId=engine.engineId}}
{{/affinity-engine}}
```

You might have noticed that we're passing an `engine` into the block. It contains several params, all unique to this particular instance of the `affinity-engine`. One of these params is the `engineId`, which we've already encountered [here](/engine/usage/arguments#engine_id). The others help when preloading assets.

#### `engineId`

As before, the `engineId` is an unique identifier for your engine. In order for your engine to communicate with its modules, you'll need to pass the `engineId` into them, too. You'd so like:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine engineId="myEngine" as |engine|}}
  {{affinity-engine-stage engineId=engine.engineId}}
{{/affinity-engine}}
```

#### Preloading Assets

Due to the nature of the web, media assets like images and music files aren't downloaded until a website uses them--which is to say, a song won't start downloading until it begins playing. This can lead to visual flickers and audio hick-ups, even over fast connections. The `affinity-engine` component can coordinate with a preloader module to fix this, though. In the below example, we'll use a simplified implementation of the `affinity-engine-curtain` preloader to demonstrate what this might look like:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine as |engine|}}
  {{#if engine.isLoaded}}
    <p>The game is loaded!</p>
  {{else}}
    {{affinity-engine-curtain completePreload=engine.completePreload}}
  {{/if}}
{{/affinity-engine}}
```

You'll notice that we're using two new params, including `isLoaded` and `completePreload`:

* `engine.completePreload`: this action is called once the `affinity-engine-curtain` has completely preloaded its assets. When run, it changes `engine.isLoaded` from `false` to `true`.

* `engine.isLoaded`: this attribute tracks the current state of the preloading process. It is initially `false`.
