<div class="row">

<div class="with-aside">

You can configure your `affinity-engine` component by provided arguments:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine engineId="myEngine" isFocused=true}}
{{/affinity-engine}}
```

You can provide the following arguments to an `affinity-engine` component:

* `config`: an object containing configuration values; detailed in its own [section](#/engine/configuration).

* `fixtures`: a map of game objects; detailed in its own [section](#/engine/fixtures).

* `engineId`: an unique string identifier for the engine; explained below.

* `isFocused`: a boolean that can set the engine's initial focus; explained below.

</div>

<aside class="aside ember">

# Ember Component Params

You'll notice that when providing an argument to a component, we specify the attribute we want to configure, followed by an `=`, followed by the value we want to set that attribute to. In the case of `engineId`, we pass in a string in quotes. With `isFocused`, we pass in a boolean. You could also pass in a number or variable. You can learn more about Ember components [here](https://guides.emberjs.com/v2.9.0/components/passing-properties-to-a-component/).

</aside>

</div>

##### engineId

It's possible to have multiple Affinity Engines running in a single Ember app. These engines might be running simultaneously in a single route, or they might be running individually in their own routes. In either case, you should define an unique `engineId` for each one:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine engineId="myEngine"}}
{{/affinity-engine}}
```

Note that save states are keyed to the `engineId`, so if you change the `engineId`, any saved states for the engine will be lost.

##### isFocused

Some Affinity Engine modules respond to keyboard events, such as the user pressing the arrow keys or spacebar. In cases where you have multiple engines on a single page, it's important to know which engine is currently focused, so that only the focused engine responds to keyboard events. If the user clicks on an engine or tabs into it, it will automatically gain focus. Similarly, if the user clicks outside of the engine or tabs out of it, it will lose focus.

You can force an engine to gain focus the moment it enters the frame by setting `isFocused` to true. If you plan to only have a single engine running, you'll probably want to set this to true:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine isFocused=true}}
{{/affinity-engine}}
```
