<div class="row">

<div class="with-aside small-order-2 medium-order-1">

The `affinity-engine` module is the foundation for all Affinity Engine games. It bundles together the core logic of the engine, including a message bus, registrar, and configuration system.

For the time being, the most important thing is understanding is that the Affinity Engine is just a foundation. On it, you build a game out of other modules. The Affinity Engine community itself manages several of these modules, including [`affinity-engine-stage`](#/api/stage), [`affinity-engine-menu-bar`](#/menu-bar), and [`affinity-engine-plugin-data-manager-rewindable-lokijs`](#/api/plugins/data-manager-rewindable-lokijs). It's also possible to create your own modules or to use ones that other contributors have open-sourced. You can find many options on [Ember Observer](https://emberobserver.com/).

Once you've found the modules you want to use, you can add them to your game in a few different ways, depending on the type of module it is. [Plugins](#/api/plugins) you specify in your configuration, [components](#/api/components) you compose into your template, and other modules (such as [stage directions](#/api/stage/directions)), will become available in their own context. Check out the related chapters for detailed descriptions.

</div>

<aside class="aside javascript small-order-1 medium-order-2">

# JavaScript Tip

Not sure what any of this means? No need to worry. You can build a rich game experience without understanding the inner workings of the Affinity Engine. Later, if you want to extend the engine with custom functionality, you can return to this section to find out how. Refer to the [tutorial](#/tutorial) for help on getting started fast.

</aside>

</div>
