In the last section, we created a simple dialogue between Ember and Diy. What if we wanted to add some graphics to that conversation?

First, let's download images of [Diy](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B3xbKzrE1l4QbmMxY1ZCQkpaSWs/view?usp=sharing) and [Ember](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B3xbKzrE1l4QaUZNUFJGWW00R1k/view?usp=sharing). Next, we'll navigate to the `public` folder in our game directory and create a new folder called `tutorial`. Once that's done, we'll copy and paste the images into that folder, and . . . boom! The images are ready.

Next, we'll need to define our characters using _fixtures_. Typically in software development, a fixture is used to initialize test data. Here, fixtures are used differently. Rather than initializing tests, the data provides initial values to a direction, such as a character's name and image. To create fixtures for Diy and Ember, let's open the `app/affinity-engine/fixtures/characters.js` file and enter:

```js
export default [{
  id: 'diy',
  name: 'Diy',
  keyframe: 'diy-default',
  height: 90
}, {
  id: 'ember',
  name: 'Ember',
  keyframe: 'ember-default',
  height: 87
}];
```

Next, we'll define _keyframe_ fixtures. Keyframes are references to specific images, and characters can have many of them. This allows you to change a character's expression, outfit, pose, and much more. For now, we'll just define a single keyframe for each character like so:

```js
export default [{
  id: 'diy-default',
  src: 'tutorial/diy.png'
}, {
  id: 'ember-default',
  src: 'tutorial/ember.png'
}];
```

And now that that's done, we can specify our character fixtures by their `id`, such as 'diy' and 'ember':

```js
script.character('ember').position('left').fadeIn();
yield script.character('diy').position('right').fadeIn();

yield script.text("I'd like to use your eyeliner.").name('Ember').namePosition('right');
yield script.text("Feel free!").name('Diy');
```

The beautiful thing about this approach is that we'll now be able to reference these characters (with all of their qualities) using just their `id`. This will become especially useful as your character fixtures grow more complex.
