#### Defining Your Config

Since you might not always want to use the default configs, the Affinity Engine exposes a way to overwrite them and provide your own configuration. If there is ever a conflict between your configs and the default configs, your configs will win. Just like with the default configs, your own configs are simple POJOs, and you can pass them into specific `affinity-engine` components as [arguments](#/engine/arguments).

The sections below offer more detail if you're unfamiliar with POJOs or Ember controllers and components.

#### POJOs

<div class="row">

<div class="with-aside small-order-2 medium-order-1">

As with the default configs, your own configs are POJOs (plain old JavaScript objects). You can also think of them as key-value definitions. For instance:

```js
{
  key: 'value'
}
```

In the above example, you're setting `key` to have the value of a string, `'value'`. A more real-to-life example might look like:

```js
{
  animator: 'popmotion'
}
```

In this example, you're configuring your engine to use the `animator` of `'popmotion'`. Even if the default configs use `'velocity'` or `'jquery'`, your engine will now use `'popmotion'` instead.

</div>

<aside class="aside javascript small-order-1 medium-order-2">

# JavaScript Tip

Feel free to skip this section if you're familiar with POJOs.

</aside>

</div>

<div class="row">

<div class="with-aside small-order-2 medium-order-1">

#### Defining Your Config in a Controller

The simplest way to use your config is to define it within the controller that manages your `affinity-engine`. For instance, if your engine is rendered in `templates/application.hbs` template, then you can define your config in `controllers/application.js`. If that controller doesn't exist yet, you can use Ember CLI's command line generator:

```bash
ember generate controller application
```

Then within the controller you would define the config like so:

```js
import Ember from 'ember';

export default Ember.Controller.extend({
  myConfig: {
    global: {
      animator: 'popmotion'
    }
  }
});
```

And finally, you'd pass the config into the engine through the `application.hbs` template:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine config=myConfig as |engine|}}
  . . . .
{{/affinity-engine}}
```

If you have other engines running, you can define unique configs for each one in their respective controllers. If you want multiple engines on a single controller, you can even define multiple configs on that controller under different keys.

#### Sharing Your Config

Often you'll want to use a single config for all your engines. You can do that by defining your config within the `affinity-engine/config.js` file. For instance:

```js
// my-app/affinity-engine/config.js

export default {
  global: {
    animator: 'popmotion'
  }
}
```

Note the `export default` in front of the config. This is essential, as it turns your config into a module that can be imported into any/all of your controllers:

```js
import Ember from 'ember';
import config from 'my-app/affinity-engine/config';

export default Ember.Controller.extend({
  myConfig: config
});
```

</div>

<aside class="aside ember small-order-1 medium-order-2">

# Ember Tip

Feel free to skip these sections if you're familiar with Ember Controllers.

</aside>

</div>
