#### Installation

```bash
ember install affinity-engine
```

#### Integration

<div class="with-aside">

The first step to adding the Affinity Engine to your Ember app is to place the `affinity-engine` component in one of your templates:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine}}
{{/affinity-engine}}
```

You can pass several properties into the component, each one described below. The `affinity-engine` can also pass properties down into its child components.

</div>

<aside class="aside ember">

# Ember Routing

Most likely, you'll simply want to replace the contents of `app/templates/application.hbs` with the `affinity-engine` component. However, if you want multiple engines running on seperate pages of your app, you should consult the Ember docs on [routing](https://guides.emberjs.com/v2.8.0/routing/).

</aside>

#### Arguments

<div class="row">

<div class="with-aside">

You can configure your `affinity-engine` component by provided arguments:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine engineId="myEngine" isFocused=true}}
{{/affinity-engine}}
```

You can provide the following arguments to an `affinity-engine` component:

* `config`: an object containing configuration values; detailed in its own [section](#/api/engine/configuration).

* `fixtures`: a map of game objects; detailed in its own [section](#/api/engine/fixtures).

* `engineId`: an unique string identifier for the engine; explained below.

* `isFocused`: a boolean that can set the engine's initial focus; explained below.

</div>

<aside class="aside ember">

# Ember Component Params

You'll notice that when providing an argument to a component, we specify the attribute we want to configure, followed by an `=`, followed by the value we want to set that attribute to. In the case of `engineId`, we pass in a string in quotes. With `isFocused`, we pass in a boolean. You could also pass in a number or variable. You can learn more about Ember components [here](https://guides.emberjs.com/v2.9.0/components/passing-properties-to-a-component/).

</aside>

</div>

##### `engineId`

It's possible to have multiple Affinity Engines running in a single Ember app. These engines might be running simultaneously in a single route, or they might be running individually in their own routes. In either case, you should define an unique `engineId` for each one:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine engineId="myEngine"}}
{{/affinity-engine}}
```

Note that save states are keyed to the `engineId`, so if you change the `engineId`, any saved states for the engine will be lost.

##### `isFocused`

Some Affinity Engine modules respond to keyboard events, such as the user pressing the arrow keys or spacebar. In cases where you have multiple engines on a single page, it's important to know which engine is currently focused, so that only the focused engine responds to keyboard events. If the user clicks on an engine or tabs into it, it will automatically gain focus. Similarly, if the user clicks outside of the engine or tabs out of it, it will lose focus.

You can force an engine to gain focus the moment it enters the frame by setting `isFocused` to true. If you plan to only have a single engine running, you'll probably want to set this to true:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine isFocused=true}}
{{/affinity-engine}}
```

#### Block Params

<div class="row">

<div class="with-aside small-order-2 medium-order-1">

The `affinity-engine` exposes several block params which can be passed down to its children:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine as |engine|}}
  {{affinity-engine-stage engineId=engine.engineId}}
{{/affinity-engine}}
```

The params include:

* `engineId`: an unique string identifier for the engine.

* `isLoaded`: a boolean that tracks the current state of the preloading process; it is initially `false`.

</div>

<aside class="aside ember small-order-1 medium-order-2">

# Intro to Block Params

You can learn more about block params [here](https://guides.emberjs.com/v2.9.0/components/block-params/).

</aside>

</div>

<div class="row">

<div class="with-aside small-order-2 medium-order-1">

##### Preloader Params Example

If you're using the `affintiy-engine-curtain` to preload your assets, it might look like:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine as |engine|}}
  {{#if engine.isLoaded}}
    <p>The game is loaded!</p>
  {{else}}
    {{affinity-engine-curtain}}
  {{/if}}
{{/affinity-engine}}
```

</div>

<aside class="aside javascript small-order-1 medium-order-2">

# Preloading Assets

Due to the nature of the web, media assets like images and music files won't start downloading until they're being used. For instance, an image won't start downloading until it would appear on screen. This can lead to visual flickers and audio hick-ups, even over fast connections. The `affinity-engine` component can coordinate with a preloader module to fix this.

</aside>

</div>
