#### Passing Arguments into an `affinity-engine` Component

In order to configure your `affinity-engine` component, you'll need to pass arguments into it via the template. It will look something like this:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine engineId="myEngine" isFocused=true}}
{{/affinity-engine}}
```

You'll notice that we specify the attribute we want to configure, followed by an `=`, followed by the value we want to set that attribute to. In the case of `engineId`, we pass in a string in quotes. With `isFocused`, we pass in a boolean. You could also pass in a number or variable.

You can provide the following arguments into an `affinity-engine` component:

* `config`: an object containing configuration values; detailed in its own [chapter](/engine/configuration).

* `fixtures`: a map of game objects; detailed in its own [chapter](/engine/fixtures).

* `engineId`: an unique string identifier for the engine; explained below.

* `isFocused`: a boolean that can set the engine's initial focus; explained below."

#### `engineId`

It's possible to have multiple Affinity Engines running in a single Ember app. These engines might be running simultaneously in a single route, or they might be running individually in their own routes. In either case, you'll probably want to define an unique `engineId` for each one.

The `engineId` is used internally by the engine to associate its many services and components. If you do not provide an `engineId` when there are multiple engines running, it can result in interactions within one engine changing the state of another engine.

You can define an `engineId` like so:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine engineId="myEngine"}}
{{/affinity-engine}}
```

Note that save states are keyed to the `engineId`, as well. So if you change the `engineId`, any saved states for the engine will be lost. Alternatively, if you had engines share an `engineId`, they would also share their save state, making it possible to have a single gaming experience that spans multiple routes.

#### `isFocused`

Some Affinity Engine modules respond to keyboard events, such as the user pressing the arrow keys or spacebar. In cases where you have multiple engines on a single page, it's important to know which engine is currently focused, so that only that engine responds to keyboard events. If the user clicks on an engine or tabs into it, it will automatically gain focus. Similarly, if user clicks outside of the engine or tabs out of it, it will lose focus.

You can force an engine to gain focus the moment it enters the frame by setting `isFocused` to true. If you plan to only have a single engine running, you'll probably want to set this to true:

```hbs
{{#affinity-engine isFocused=true}}
{{/affinity-engine}}
```
