<h4>Navigation</h4>

This documentation is broken into three main chapters. In the _Welcome_ chapter, we'll acquaint ourselves with the Affinity Engine, its history, and its roadmap. In the _Tutorial_ chapter, we'll install the engine and then build our first game, in the process familiarizing ourselves with many of the key features of the engine. In the _API_ chapter, we'll go into a high level of technical detail about the engine and its many modules. You can find links to each of the chapters in the menu at the top of the screen. On mobile devices, this menu will expand and contract on a touch event.

Each chapter is further divided into numerous sections and sub-sections. You can navigate between them using the sidebar on larger devices, or the second expanding topbar on mobile. There's also a menu at the bottom of each page which you can use to navigate between neighboring sections and chapters.

<h4>Tips</h4>

<div class="row">

<div class="with-aside small-order-2 medium-order-1">

The Affinity Engine aspires to be easy-to-use, but it still requires you to understand basic JavaScript and to acquaint yourself with tools such as NPM, Bower, and Ember.js. While this documentation focuses on the Affinity Engine itself, it will also provide tips like the ones you see here to familiarize you with key concepts and skills.

</div>

<aside class="aside javascript small-order-1 medium-order-2">

<h1>JavaScript Tips</h1>

Green! These tips start with a <i class="fa fa-code"></i>.

</aside>

</div>

<div class="row">

<div class="with-aside small-order-2 medium-order-1">

You'll find the tips color-coded and icon-coded for two main skill-sets. The green tips (<i class="fa fa-code"></i>) will acquaint you with JavaScript itself, as well as common tools in the JavaScript ecosystem such as NPM and Bower. The orange tips (<i class="fa fa-fire"></i>) focus on Ember.js, the framework that the Affinity Engine is built on top of.

</div>

<aside class="aside ember small-order-1 medium-order-2">

<h1>Ember Tips</h1>

Orange! These tips start with a <i class="fa fa-fire"></i>.

</aside>

</div>
