Plugins are powerful modules that can change the way the Affinity Engine works under the hood. Many act as interfaces to external JavaScript libraries, providing a consistent API so you can easily install and replace them without having to change your own code.

Unless you are creating custom componentry, you won't need to interface with any of these plugins directly. However, some plugins can be configured though your config files.

Common plugin types include:

* Animators: these plugins are responsible for fading element in and out, moving them around the screen, and setting up loops and other animation automations. There are a ton of JavaScript animation libraries, and some are better than others at certain things. Often, bundles and quickstarts come with the [animator-velocity](/#/api/plugins/animator-velocity) plugin.
* Data Managers: these plugins save, update, retrieve, and delete persistent data, such as save games and achievements. Some data managers also support rewinding to previous checkpoints. Often, bundles and quickstarts come with the [data-manager-rewindable-lokijs](/#/api/plugins/data-manager-rewindable-lokijs) plugin.
* Preloaders: these plugins preload art and sound assets, insuring that the game is fully loaded before it starts. Without a preloader, the user is likely to experience flickers in the images and pauses in the music. The [preloader-createjs](/#/api/plugins/preloader-createjs) plugin is often used.
* Sound Manager: these plugins are responsible for controlling all things audio, including playing sounds and changing the volume. The [sound-manager-createjs](/#/api/plugins/sound-manager-createjs) plugin is often used.
* Translator: these plugins juggle translation files, making it easy to localize your game content to different regions. The [translator-ember-intl](/#/api/plugins/translator-ember-intl) plugin is often used.
