The Affinity Engine is just now entering beta, and while it has a lot to offer already (including modularity, customizability, and easy-to-use scripting interfaces), we have many goals along the way to `1.0.0`. Here are a few of the most important ones:

* Investigation of mobile support, including Android devices (currently: janky)
* Integration with Cordova and Electron, making it easy to release native builds for mobile and desktop
* Executable build scripts to make it easier for new developers to get up-and-running
* Improved documentation, especially around creating custom components, plugins, and stage directions
* ~~Exploration of variant API surfaces, particularly stage directions (this abstraction still doesn't feel 100% right)~~ (resolved by `0.2.0`)

### How you can help!

* Let us know about the games you make! You can tag our account on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram.
* Report bugs. You can do so [here](https://github.com/affinity-engine/affinity-engine/issues).
* Write documentation and demos. Our documentation source code can be found [here](https://github.com/affinity-engine/affinity-engine-web).
* Translate the documentation! You can find the translation files [here](https://github.com/affinity-engine/affinity-engine-web/tree/master/translations).
* Add new styles! Our current `text` and `menu` styles were designed by a programmer (Patience) and could really use some love, too!
* Make new components and directions! The Affinity Engine is modular. By creating new components and directions, you're extending what's possible for everyone.
