<h4>Navigation</h4>

The Affinity Engine isn't a single piece of software, but rather a whole ecosystem of modules that you can compose together to make games you'll love. This documentation is broken into several sections, each describing in detail how to use one of these modules. You can find links to each of the sections in the menu at the top of the screen. On mobile devices, this menu will expand and contract on a touch event.

Each section is further divided into numerous sub-sections. You can navigate between them using the sidebar on larger devices, or the second expanding topbar on mobile. There's also a menu at the bottom of each page which you can use to navigate between neighboring pages and sections.

<h4>Tips</h4>

<div class="with-aside">

The Affinity Engine aspires to be easy-to-use, but it still requires you to know a bit of JavaScript and to master tools such as NPM, Bower, and Ember.js. While this documentation focuses on the Affinity Engine itself, it will also provide tips like the ones you see here to acquaint you with key concepts and skills.

</div>

<aside class="aside javascript">

**JavaScript Tips**

Green!

</aside>

<div class="with-aside">

You'll find the tips color-coded for two main skill-sets. The green tips will acquaint you with JavaScript itself, both the language as it stands today and with future-facing ES2017 syntax, which the Affinity Engine strongly encourages you to learn and use. The orange tips focus on Ember.js, the framework that the Affinity Engine is built on top of. It also covers tools as NPM, Ember CLI, and Bower.

</div>

<aside class="aside ember">

**Ember Tips**

Orange!

</aside>
