#### Overview

Directions are your main way of communicating with the stage. For instance, if you want to put a character on the stage, you might use the `character` direction:

```js
start: task(function * (script) {
  script.character('diy');
})
```

#### Command

You can chain commands onto all directions, changing the way they behave. For instance, if you want your character to fade into the middle of the screen, you might:

```js
start: task(function * (script) {
  script.character('diy').fadeIn();
})
```

Every direction has its own set of commands, so be sure to consult the API for the specific direction you're using.

#### Attributes

Many directions have attributes that change the way they appear and behave. For instance, the `text` direction has a attribute called `name`, which (if provided) will display a name beside the text box. Meanwhile, the `character` direction has a attribute called `height` that lets you specify how much of the screen's height the character should fill. You can configure these attributes by passing in a hash as the _last_ argument for the direction. For instance:

```js
script.text('Hello world', { caption: 'Brian Kernighan' });
script.character('diy', { height: 89});
```

Alternatively, you can change attributes using the [`configure` command](http://localhost:4200/#/api/stage/directions?anchor=configure(hash_or_key%2C_value)). This is particularly useful if the direction is already instantiated:

```js
const diy = yield script.character('diy').fadeIn();
diy.configure('height', 89);
```

Check out each direction's page for a full list of configurable attributes.

#### `PromisedDirection`

Most directions return a `PromisedDirection` instance. These are instances of the direction with the functionality of a `Promise` bolted on. This allows you to both await their resolution:

```js
yield script.text('Hello world');
```

As well as to chain commands off them:

```js
const text = script.text('Hello world', { fixed: true });

. . . .

text.close();
```

#### Layer

Many directions can be rendered onto the screen, and they each have a default layer, such as the `image` direction's `stage.image.foreground`. These layers can be individually animated using the [`layer` direction](#/api/stage/directions/layer). You can also configure which layer they appear in `layer` attribute.

<div class="row">

<div class="with-aside small-order-2 medium-order-1">

#### Configuration Tiers

Configuration tiers are defined on each direction's page, such as this one from the `character` direction:

* component.stage.direction.character
* character
* component.stage.direction.image
* image
* component.stage.direction.all
* component.stage.all
* all

In this case, configurations defined on `component.stage.direction.character` take priority over configurations defined on `component.stage.direction.image`. For instance:

```js
{
  all: {
    attrs: {
      classNames: 'foo'
    }
  },
  component: {
    stage: {
      direction: {
        image: {
          attrs: {
            animator: 'jquery',
            height: 95
          }
        },
        character: {
          attrs: {
            animator: 'velocity'
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Here, a `character` direction will use the 'velocity' animator because `component.stage.direction.character` is a higher tier than `component.stage.direction.image`. However, it will also use the `95` height defined on `component.stage.direction.image` and the 'foo' class name defined on `global`.

You can learn more about configuration tiers [here](#/api/engine/configuration/configuration-tiers).

</div>

<aside class="aside javascript small-order-1 medium-order-2">

# Important Note

Precedence is given to fixtures over configs, and precedence is given to the `configure` command over both fixtures and the configs. So given the example to the side, the following fixture would override the height of a character direction:

```js
{
  id: 'diy',
  attrs: {
    height: 70
  }
}
```

And then, even with the fixture, the following `configure` command would let you tweak this specific instance of the direction:

```js
script.character('diy', { height: 82 });
```

</aside>

</div>

#### Commands

The following commands are present on all directions:
